.github/maintainers_guide.md, before:

# Maintainers Guide

This document describes tools, tasks and workflow that one needs to be familiar with in order to effectively maintain
this project. If you use this package within your own software as is but don't plan on modifying it, this guide is
**not** for you.

## Tools

All you need to work with this project is a supported version of [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
(see [slackapi/bolt](https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-js/) `package.json` field "engines") and npm (which is distributed with Node.js).

## Tasks

### Updating

This package is a dependency for our guides and other example apps.
When making changes, it's important to keep all of our other guides and apps up-to-date.

When updating this package, please ensure the following are also updated:

- Guides found at [slackapi/bolt-js/docs/](https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-js/tree/main/docs)
- Example apps at [slackapi/bolt-js/examples/getting-started-*](https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-js/tree/main/examples).

### Testing

This package does not have unit tests but has implemented the command `npm test`.

### Releasing

1.  Create the commit for the release:
    *  Bump the version number in adherence to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/) in `package.json`.
    *  Update any dependency versions 
    *  Confirm tests pass by running `npm test`
    *  Commit with a message including the new version number. For example `v2.2.0`.
    *  Tag the commit with the version number. For example `git tag 2.2.0`.

2.  Merge into main repository
    *  Create a pull request with the commit that was just made. Be certain to include the tag. For
       example: `git push username main:rel-v1.0.8 && git push --tags username`.
    *  Once tests pass and a reviewer has approved, merge the pull request. You will also want to
       update your local `main` branch.
    *  Push the new tag up to origin `git push --tags origin`.

3.  Distribute the release
    *  At the moment this package is not distributed on npm.
    *  It is only downloaded or cloned from GitHub.

4.  (Slack Internal) Communicate the release internally. Include a link to the GitHub Release.

5.  Announce on community.slack.com in #slack-api

## Workflow

### Versioning and Tags

This project is versioned using [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/), particularly in the
[npm flavor](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/semantic-versioning). Each release is tagged
using git.

### Fork

As a maintainer, the development you do will be almost entirely off of your forked version of this package. The exception to this rule pertains to multiple collaborators working on the same feature, which is detailed in the **Branches** section below.

### Branches

`main` is where active development occurs.

When developing, branches should be created off of your fork and not directly off of this package. If working on a long-running feature and in collaboration with others, a corresponding branch of the same name is permitted. This makes collaboration on a single branch possible, as contributors working on the same feature cannot push commits to others' open Pull Requests.

After a major version increment, there also may be maintenance branches created specifically for supporting older major versions.

### Issue Management

All issues are managed under https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-js/issues.

Use the label `area:examples` to organize issues related to this example app repository.

## Everything else

When in doubt, find the other maintainers and ask.

Commit message:

Update to use Socket Mode as default  (#4)
* Update app to use socket mode as default
* Update maintainers guide

.github/maintainers_guide.md, after:

# Maintainers Guide

This document describes tools, tasks and workflow that one needs to be familiar with in order to effectively maintain
this project. If you use this package within your own software as is but don't plan on modifying it, this guide is
**not** for you.

## Tools

All you need to work with this project is a supported version of [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
(see [slackapi/bolt](https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-js/) `package.json` field "engines") and npm (which is distributed with Node.js).

## Tasks

### Updating

This package is a dependency for our guides and other example apps. There are many ways to configure a sample app. We prefer to keep a single version of `app.js` which should be consistent with the instructions and code blocks on the [Bolt JS Getting Started guide](https://slack.dev/bolt-js/tutorial/getting-started). This reduces the possibility of drift ocurring between multiple versions. 

When making changes to this repo, it's also important to keep all of our other guides and apps up-to-date.

When updating this package, please ensure the following are also updated:

- Guides found at [slackapi/bolt-js/docs/](https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-js/tree/main/docs)
- Example apps at [slackapi/bolt-js/examples/getting-started-*](https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-js/tree/main/examples).

### Testing

This package does not have unit tests but has implemented the command `npm test`.

### Releasing

1.  Create the commit for the release:
    *  Bump the version number in adherence to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/) in `package.json`.
    *  Update any dependency versions 
    *  Confirm tests pass by running `npm test`
    *  Commit with a message including the new version number. For example `v2.2.0`.
    *  Tag the commit with the version number. For example `git tag 2.2.0`.

2.  Merge into main repository
    *  Create a pull request with the commit that was just made. Be certain to include the tag. For
       example: `git push username main:rel-v1.0.8 && git push --tags username`.
    *  Once tests pass and a reviewer has approved, merge the pull request. You will also want to
       update your local `main` branch.
    *  Push the new tag up to origin `git push --tags origin`.

3.  Distribute the release
    *  At the moment this package is not distributed on npm.
    *  It is only downloaded or cloned from GitHub.

4.  (Slack Internal) Communicate the release internally. Include a link to the GitHub Release.

5.  Announce on community.slack.com in #slack-api

## Workflow

### Versioning and Tags

This project is versioned using [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/), particularly in the
[npm flavor](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/semantic-versioning). Each release is tagged
using git.

### Fork

As a maintainer, the development you do will be almost entirely off of your forked version of this package. The exception to this rule pertains to multiple collaborators working on the same feature, which is detailed in the **Branches** section below.

### Branches

`main` is where active development occurs.

When developing, branches should be created off of your fork and not directly off of this package. If working on a long-running feature and in collaboration with others, a corresponding branch of the same name is permitted. This makes collaboration on a single branch possible, as contributors working on the same feature cannot push commits to others' open Pull Requests.

After a major version increment, there also may be maintenance branches created specifically for supporting older major versions.

### Issue Management

All issues are managed under https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-js/issues.

Use the label `area:examples` to organize issues related to this example app repository.

## Everything else

When in doubt, find the other maintainers and ask.
